welcome back day 21 of my nano lagoon no
things are moving along pretty good got
the Kree most the cleanup crews up there
on a rock chilling out I've just moved
that 1 in from the refugium and they all
kind of scurried over to it because it's
got some fresh diatoms and no yummy
bacterial cleanup crew is clean now it's
done an okay job but I might have to add
a few more later on we'll see when i get
the corals I'm not jumping the gun it's
not at a point where they're not doing a
good job they're just doing an adequate
job so I don't want to stress out any
new any new inhabitants by adding the
men and not having enough food or
disrupting the balance that these guys
are kind of working on everything's
going along pretty well overflows still
moving nicely see it there
and it's only a half keel I'll actually
get a new pump a more powerful pump
later on because I'm just not getting
the push from this pump that I was
hoping to especially since I've had to
split the feed into the refugium to
cycle water through there um yes i did
move the rocks around one more time I
just can't help but aquascape I love it
it's too much fun trying to figure out
the best the best and the most prettiest
and no convenient set up for your
aquarium but next week I'm getting the
corals so I think this will be the last
set up I've got the ones that like light
they'll be going up there some of the
less light intensive corals will be
going along the second row and then some
of the more tricky ones would we going
around the bottom not so light sensitive
not so flow sensitive and a couple of
them can be aggressive so they need a
little bit of room so i'll be putting
them along the bottom and they're okay
and substrate and there's Jeff and
kindness him he's swaying back and forth
there he actually he likes me now when I
come home he comes out because he thinks
it's feeding time is I've started
feeding him some some shrimp yeah the
little cannibalistic but he likes him
actually loves him so when I throw the
shrimp in there he just comes run it and
he'll actually grab onto the turkey
baster and pull the shrimp out maybe
maybe I'll cut this short and make a
Jeff feeding video what else that comes
running is I've got some I think they're
called strobus grazers or yeah anis
arias shrimp I think they're pronounced
that way if I put a little bit of the
shrimp into the sand bed all of a sudden
I've got three of them they'll just
they'll come out of nowhere they
basically stay in the sand bed all day
eating detritus and whatnot and then
they come out and grab hold of the
little food I give them their happy as
Larry they take a bit and they go
when they relax in the sand bed for some
more they're mainly nocturnal they'll
come out at night during the day they
stay hidden but yeah so far so good i
need to do a little bit of cleanup on my
filter you know it's getting kind of
grungy there I've cleaned the side walls
in the front wall i'm not going to clean
the back wall i'm get it just going to
let that grow whatever it grows and
that'll be some place that the snails
can go if they eventually finish
cleaning up these rocks which they're
you know they're doing an okay job but
again not super fast but i'm not too
worried because i'm going to put corals
on there eventually and a little bit of
something something into the bottom part
and some i have created the dosing
system these are just three ketchup
bottles that actually have measurements
on them I don't know if you can see what
they have measurements I've connected
little piece of tubing at the end to a
control valve to another little piece of
tubing that will drip my solutions into
the tank and a nice low rate my test
gets right now aren't very reliable
between the two I have all the levels
seem fine so I really don't have a need
to dose right now but I'm hoping to get
some more accurate test kits next payday
I've got some macro algae in the
refugium now see this will break the
camera trying to shove in this small
space there it is yeah and turn the
lights off and if you push that around
you'll see a little copepods and all
sorts of cool little shrimp looking
things scurry out run around you know
danger danger but they're pretty awesome
so and here hopefully they'll thrive and
grow I'll probably get some
phytoplankton and throw it in there and
they can feed and grow and eventually
they can be food for my corals and
whatnot so I don't have to rush to feed
my tank all the time I've stuck in the
Nano skimmer I threw it in last night
I'm just
slowly getting used to how to calibrate
this thing I just emptied the container
there was a little bit of grunge in
there it's it's doing okay actually I
had to modify it a bit because it wasn't
working out so well I had to put a
regular airline tubing down into the
pump because the one that came with it
was just too small wasn't sucking any
air making bubbles so I've got a nice
airline tube and if you ever get the
same skimmer from ebay just put a long
tube on it and it stops the stop the
sucking sound of muffles it works out
pretty well all in all everything is
moving along fine my heater is just a
pain in the ass these days it fluctuates
all the time one day I'll come home and
my tank will be sitting at 83 and then
the next day I'll come home my tank will
be sitting at 75 so I'm trying to figure
out a position in a way that will keep
it steady I think I finally figured it
out just by putting it on the surface of
the second section of my some here so
far it only goes on when it needs doing
the temperature has been pretty constant
at 79 281 but yeah the little skimmers
working out better than I thought I
thought it was going to be crap but it's
making some nice broth there's my man
lastic got a couple six they're holding
everything together like I said it just
it falls apart if you touch it in the
wrong way so with the elastics that
keeps together not bad for a buck 50 off
ebay and I think it was 12 bucks
shipping well that'll work for now I
really don't probably don't even need a
skimmer and a tank this size with
refugium but it's fun it's a little and
it's kind of interesting and it will get
me used to maintaining a skimmer for
whenever I get a bigger system so this
is my tank day 21 we'll go and prepare
some food for the shrimp and I'll do a
little video of him doing this thing
it's pretty pretty funky
okay be right back